README.md, before:

# CSCI_3308_Project
CU 2017 Spring CSCI 3308 Team project

Group memebers:

Yonghao Zhang (SilentSinger)

Xinyi Zhang (Hathaaaway)

Tianlun Zhao (BlakeTZ)

Yidong Gao (YidongGao)

Zhuangzhuang jiang (jzz0917)

Title:

Description: 

Vision statement: (what you would tell potential customers) Be sure to follow the guidelines from lecture!

Motivation: for working on this particular project (Why would you develop this?)

Risks:

No prior experience working with the people on the team

Lack of availability of some needed resource

Totally different time schedule

Mitigation strategy for dealing with the risk

List of requirements for the project：

6 user stories

Each story must have a unique ID number

Written in the Agile format: “As a [role], I want to [do X] so that I can [benefit with Y]”

Each requirement must have a size. You have two options for sizing:

Agile sizing – story points

Time estimate to complete

All stories should be sized to be completed in less than 8 hours (approximately, and something equivalent to a day or less in Agile story points). If your story is bigger than that, then break it up into smaller stories.

[optional] you can add priority (Critical, High, Med, Low, Nice-to-have)

[optional] you can add topic/area (e.g., Login, Profile, DB, etc.)

[optional] you can add user type (e.g., Admin, end user, potential customer,…)

Methodology: Agile

Project Tracking software:

Gonna use Trello to track the process of each group member.

Link: https://trello.com/silentsinger

Project plan: created from your Project Tracking software. Copy-paste the plan (or screenshot of) from your project tracking software into the repository.

Commit message:

complete 70%
The title, description, vision statement, motivation, risk, strategy complete

README.md, after:

# CSCI_3308_Project
CU 2017 Spring CSCI 3308 Team project

Group memebers:

Yonghao Zhang (SilentSinger)

Xinyi Zhang (Hathaaaway)

Tianlun Zhao (BlakeTZ)

Yidong Gao (YidongGao)

Zhuangzhuang jiang (jzz0917)

Title: 

moblie game on ios

Description: 

We will make a mobile game for ios users. This game will be funny and relaxing, amusing and easy, so it is for all Americans ages 7 or older.

Vision statement: 

When you waiting for bus, subway, or your friends, open this game so that your waiting time no longer long.

Motivation: 

We read the story of founder of "flappy bird" that he just used 2 hours to make this game on apple store and this game did become fashionable for a time. We are really curious and interesting about what programming language is so efficiency and convinient. We hope that we can learn, explore and then master this language after complete this project.

Risks:

No prior experience working with the people on the team

Lack of availability of some needed resource

Totally different time schedule

Mitigation strategy for dealing with the risk:

Communicate as much as we can

Ask resource and information from professors or buy it

meet up on weekend

List of requirements for the project：

6 user stories

Each story must have a unique ID number

Written in the Agile format: “As a [role], I want to [do X] so that I can [benefit with Y]”

Each requirement must have a size. You have two options for sizing:

Agile sizing – story points

Time estimate to complete

All stories should be sized to be completed in less than 8 hours (approximately, and something equivalent to a day or less in Agile story points). If your story is bigger than that, then break it up into smaller stories.

[optional] you can add priority (Critical, High, Med, Low, Nice-to-have)

[optional] you can add topic/area (e.g., Login, Profile, DB, etc.)

[optional] you can add user type (e.g., Admin, end user, potential customer,…)

Methodology: Agile

Project Tracking software:

Gonna use Trello to track the process of each group member.

Link: https://trello.com/silentsinger

Project plan: created from your Project Tracking software. Copy-paste the plan (or screenshot of) from your project tracking software into the repository.
